Our third and
final case is applicable to most companies
that create customer-focused products.
They want to understand how their
customers are responding to the products,
how the product marketing
efforts are performing,
what kind of problems customers
are encountering, and what new features or
feature improvements the customers
are seeking, and so forth.
But how does the company
get this information?
What kind of data sources
would carry this information?
The figure show some of these sources.
They are in focused user surveys,
emails sent by the customers, in blogs and
product review forums, specialized
groups on social media and user forums.
In short, they are on the Internet or
in material received through the Internet.
Now, how many sources are there?
Two.
The number would vary.
A new sites, a new postings, and
new discussion threads
would come up all the time.
In all of these,
the goal is to identify information that
truly relates to the companies product,
its features and its utility.
To cast this as a type
of big data problem,
we look at a task that computer
scientists called Data Fusion.
Consider a set of data sources, S,
as we mentioned on the last slide and
a set of data items, D.
A data item represents a particular
aspect of a real world entity
which in our case is
a product of the company.
For each data item, a source can, but
not necessarily will, provide a value.
For example,
the usability of an ergonomically
split keyboard can have a value good.
The value can be atomic,
like good, or a set, or a list or
sometimes embedded in the string.
For example, the cursor sometimes
freezes when using the touchpad,
is a string which has
a value about the touchpad.
The goal of Data Fusion is to find
the values of Data Items from a source.
In many cases, the system would find
a unique true value of an item.
For example, the launch data of a product
in Europe should be the same true value
regardless of the data
source one looks at.
In other cases, we could find
a value distribution of an item.
For example, the usability of our
keyboard may have a value distribution.
That's with Data Fusion, we should be
able to collect the values of real world
items from a subset of data sources.
It is a subset because
not all Data Sources
will have relevant information
about the Data Item.
There are some other versions
of what a Data Fusion is but for
our purposes we'll stick with
this general description.
Now one obvious problem with the Internet
is that there are too many data
sources at any time,
these lead to many difficulties.
First, it is to be understood
that with too many data sources
there will be many values for
the same item.
Often these will differ and
sometimes they will conflict.
A standard technique in this case
is to use a voting mechanism.
However, even a voting
mechanism can be complex
due to problems with the data source.
One of the problems is to estimate
the trustworthiness of the source.
For each data source,
we need to evaluate whether it's reporting
some basic or known facts correctly.
If a source mentions details
about a rainbow colored iPhone,
which does not exist,
it's trustworthiness reduces
because of the falsity of
the provided value of this data item.
Accordingly, a higher vote count can be
assigned to a more trustworthy source.
And then, this can be used in voting.
The second aspect is Copy Detection.
Detecting weather once was has copied
information from another can be very
important for
detail fusion task in customer analytics.
If a source has copied information,
it's such that discounted vote count
can be assigned to a copy value and
voting that means the copy in
source will have less weight.
Now this is especially relevant when we
compute value distributions, because if we
treat copies as genuine information, we
will statistically bias the distribution.
Now here is active research on how to
detect copies, how to determine bias and
then arrive at a statistically sound
estimation of value distribution.
But to our knowledge, these methods are
yet to be applied to existing software for
big data integration.
It should be very clear by now but
there are two kinds of big data
situations when it comes to information.
The first two uses cases that we
saw requires an integration system
to consider all sources because
the application demand so.
In contrast, problems where data comes
from too many redundant, potentially
unreliable sources like the Internet, the
best results can be obtained if we have
a way of evaluating the worthiness of
sources before information integration.
But this problem is
called Source Selection.
The picture on the right shows the result
of a cost benefit analysis for
data fusion.
The x-axis indicates the number
of sources used, and
the y-axis measures the proportion
of true results that were returned.
We can clearly see that the plot peaks
around six-to-eight sources, and
that the efficiency falls
as more sources are added.
In a cost benefit analysis,
the cost must include both the human and
the computational costs,
while the benefit is a function of
the accuracy of the fusion result.
The technique for
solving this problem comes from economics.
Assuming that cost and
benefits are measure in the same unit, for
example, dollars.
They proposed to continue
selecting sources
until the marginal benefit is
less than the marginal cost.
Now recent techniques were performing
this computation at quite scalable.
In one setting,
selecting the most beneficial sources
from a total of one million
sources took less than one hour.
This completes our coverage of
the big data integration problems.